start adding documentation on updating mapping (#5290)
quickwit-oss/quickwit: docs/reference/rest-api.md

- The retention policy update is automatically picked up by the janitor service on its next state refresh.
- The search settings update is automatically picked up by searcher nodes when the next query is executed.

> - The indexing settings update is automatically picked up by the indexer nodes once the control plane emit a new indexing plan.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The indexing settings update is automatically picked up by the indexer nodes once the control plane emits a new indexing plan.
```

- The doc mapping update is automatically picked up by the indexer nodes once the control plane emit a new indexing plan.

> Updating the doc mapping doesn't reindex existing data. Queries and answers are mapped on a best effort basis when querying older splits. For more details, check [the reference](updating-mapper.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Updating the doc mapping doesn't reindex existing data. Queries and results are mapped on a best-effort basis when querying older splits. For more details, check [the reference](updating-mapper.md) out.
```
